fix(Card): card area should behave rules of parent layout (#497)
EasyPost/easy-ui: .changeset/tidy-pans-lick.md

---
"@easypost/easy-ui": patch
---

> fix(Card): card area should behave rules of parent layout

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fix(Card): Card area behavior should follow the rules of their parent layout
```
